### Observations

* It seems like footwork is the secret to becoming an adavanced dancer quickly.  Looking at
  more advanced dancers, it seems like they often do less flashy moves than intermediate dancers,
  but they are spot on on their timing, and they have amazing footwork.
  [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQlj8P0G0Qg) amazing video from Sylvia Sykes comtains
  almost no non-basic moves aside from spins.  The same with
  [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psOWt0oyx9k) one.  This isn't to say that pros don't
  do flashy moves, just that it's possible to dance at the highest competitive levels without them.

  I'm hoping that this is true, because footwork should be much easier to drill than most other
  aspects of west coast swing.

* It's much easier to lead footwork cross slot than it it is up and down the slot, because everything
  you do has no impact on the connection.  If you're able to keep the connection solid while moving
  cross slot, that is.

  I've tried alternating between compression and tension, and it's been extremely difficult for me.
  I'm putting it down to the slop inherent in a connection due to the hand hold.  Perhaps changing
  to a slop-less hand hold might help aleviate those problems.

* I think some of my biggest problems social dancing are a lack of tempo control.  There's a very
  small difference between feeling like you're dancing and feeling like you're doing drills.  Because
  I only do basics, I think it's especially easy for me to fall into the later category.  Tempo
  control: the ability to stop, slow or speed up to hit the music should really help things in that
  department.

* I'm not asking more advanced follows to dance enough.  Most people I've talked to say they get
  rejected pretty regularly.  Not constantly, but it happens.  I never get rejected.  NEVER.  I'm
  pretty sure this means that I'm not asking more advanced dancers to dance enough.  I've started
  trying to change this, but it's pretty hard.
