###Reflections on Easter Swing

There was a lot of dancing.  A LOT of dancing.  My feet hurt pretty badly by the end of Friday, to the point
where I couldn't enjoy dancing unless I took pretty frequent breaks.  This has happened to me before on long
blues dance weekends, so it wasn't entirely unexpected, but it does highlight my relative lack of fitness
compared to many of the other dancers there.  That being said, I think that much dancing, especially with so
many different people was amazing.

There is also a bit of a downside to dancing with so many people.  After dancing for a good amount of time,
I feel like I can tell when someone is "into" the dance.  When they really buy into the dance and put all
of their energy into making it as good as possible.  I felt like this was happening a good amount at Easter
Swing.  It's certainly not something that I think is undeserved.  There is a fine line between an engaging
and intersting dance and feeling like you're doing drills.  I think it's also true that doing flashy or
complicated moves is a shortcut to being interesting, at least for some people.

All that being said, it's pretty clear to me that I'm not asking enough people to dance.  I've talked to a
good number of leads and they've all talked to me about getting rejected by people.  I never get rejected.

I took the workshops on Thursday and Friday, but I was just too tired and totally missed out on the workshops
on Saturday and Sunday.  The workshops I went to were great, but I get the feeling that I would have been
better off with more sleep and a private lesson.

I also competed in the Novice Jack and Jill.  It really opened my eyes to the quality of dancers who are
considered novice in West Coast Swing.  There was absolutely no way I was going to make finals.  Not
unsurprisingly, I got the lowest score possible (5x3 where a 1 is a yes, a 2 is a maybe and a 3 is a no)
in the prelims. I'm still pretty glad that I competed.  I was so nervous my first song that I was shaking.
I danced with another follow that had the same condition, so I don't feel too bad.  It was a great experience,
and I hope I can compete again once I've improved my dancing a bit.

Over all, it was a fantastic experience, and I'm really glad I went.  It's a bit more expensive than blues
or fusion weekends, but I can see the wisdom in most of the way things are organized.  One thing I wish I
did more of was to interact socially with people.  Most of the time when I was hungry, I just went to Safeway
and got food by myself.  I think it might have been nice to hang out with some people there.
