Katie Schneider

Movement Drills:

* Head: forward, backward, tilt left and right, circle left and right.
* Rib Cage: forward, backward, shift left and right, circle left and right.
* Triples: in place, forward, back, forward in, backward in, side cross.

Allie Strong

* 4 ways to connect: floor, physical, eyes, music.
* drill: rolling through the foot.  Stand with the heel of one foot over
the other foot.  Roll through the foot and use that power to slide your
foot across the floor.  When dancing you can use the power generated by
rolling back to move you.  Basically moon walking.
* Step through the floor.  Support your body with muscles instead of
bones.  Concentrate weight on small part of the body.
* Musicality drill: dance like what you are doing is right and just
focus on the music.  Particularly good at getting over your own
percieved limitations.
* Connection drill: one step freeze.  Make a new point of connection
and maintain the last point of connection.  Partners alternate movement.
Pay attention to the space that is being created or filled by poses.
Filling space makes movements.
* Follow playtime: Don't lead a follow into a space and then abandon or
watch her.  Can't expect her to just do something awesome on a moment's
notice.  Do lead basic movements with options.  Allow the lead to be a
little ambiguous or soft when you want to encourage play.
* Follows elbows never flex (more than 1/2 an inch).  They rotate at
the shoulder.  The lead is the one responsible for compression or
straightening.

Ben and Katie

* Two hand whip: check step at an angle.  Don't step too far away.  To
get close on the sides of the whip, open the connection wide.
* Variation: Roll on 5 beind the back.
