Hareesh and Angela

* Stand up straight.  For real.  All the time.  Even during patterns.  Especially whips or other counter-balanced moves.
* Striking (how to step): Drag the pads of your toes along the ground.  Roll the foot from the inside of your body to the outside
  (as if you had elephant feet).  Not necessarily from the inside of the foot (if you cross your feet, for example).
  * When steping forward, drag the pads of your toes along the ground until you're about ready to put weight on the foot.  Then
    "kick" your foot up, so that the toes are up and only the heel is touching.  Straighten the leg, then put weight on it.  Roll
    through the foot until the weight is on the ball of the foot.
  * When stepping backwards, drag the pads of your toes along the ground until you're about ready to put weight on the foot.  The
    heel should be up about 1/3 of a foot's length (or about a foot's width).  Start to put weight on the ball of the foot and
    straighten the leg and you add more weight.  This works because there are two joints (knee and ankle) that can absorb the extra
    length from the straightening leg, as opposed to just the one when walking forward.
  * The goal is always to roll through the foot from the inside of the body to the outside, and to not have any part of the step
    affect the upper body.  The entire movement should be completely smooth.
* Stand up straight, but remember to relax the upper body as much as possible. Keep the core engaged (rotate the pelvis forward by
  pulling with the abs instead of pushing with the back and legs).
* There is no prep for walking.
* Tension and compression are lead by leaning slightly (leading with the head).  The body should be straight up and down - don't "sit"
  to lead weight sharing.  This really helps when trying to take big steps.  A little bit goes a long way.  A big place this shows
  up is the sugar push.
