Andrew Smith (African Dance)

Iteas for stepping:
* When stepping on the ball of the foot, squish the fall of the foot
  and then roll the foot through to the heal.
* Pick up the foot with a reverse roll (geyser under the heal)
  combined with flexing the opposite knee (movement in opposition).

Pitch (lean):
* A bit like squatting.
* Focus on the pelvis and spine.  Rotate forward only from the pelvis,
  leave the spine straight.
* Don't sway or over correct the spine back - keep it straight.
* Knees bent and butt back to set the balance point over the ball of
  the foot and make movement easy.

* In general, African movement means that the whole body gets
  integrated. - everything should be as loose as possible although
  the core should be engaged, as that is where movement comes from.
* Arms may need to be a bit more loose to accomodate pitch in some
  positions (close embrace).

Emily (tango)

Exercises:

**Rolling the foot**
1 Roll the heal of the foot up.
2 Roll up to the point of the big toe with the toes pointed.
3 Roll over the big toe onto the top of the toes.
4 Roll back.

**Stepping**
1 Extend a foot, pointing without weight
2 Place down the part of the foot that is closest to the ground
  (probably the big doe).
3 Roll across the foot with the ball coming down first.  Keep weight
  off the heal.  Spread the toes before they come down.
4 Push off the weighted leg and transfer onto the new leg.
5 Collect and lift the new unewighted foot.

**Alternate Version**
1 ""
2 ""
3 ""
4 Gradually shift weight to unweighted foot and use the inner
  thigh muscles of the unweighted foot to pull you to that position.
5 ""

**Dinner Plate Visualization**
* Balance on a foot is like a dinner plate with a saucer in the middle
  of it.  Be the saucer.
* There are four quadrants of the foot: pinky, big toe, outter heal,
  and inner heal.  Be on the inner half of the foot when you land, and
  generally as much as possible to counteract the natural tendency to
  put weight on the outside of the foot.
* When making power moves, you can briefly shift your weight to the
  opposing quadrant first.  This will give you more root to make the
  move dynamic.  When you make the move, you then first roll your foot
  and then make the move.

A solid frame is a good tool for communication, but you need to be able
to comprimise it briefly in the case of mis-steps.  Rotate (leads) or
re-step (follows) to fix the mis-step.

Ted Maddry

**4 kinds of translation turns**
* Inside vs outside turn.
* Lead gets out of the way on the inside vs outside side.
* It is often easier to spin together with a follow if you get out of
  the way on the outside side.
* Prep by moving the body.

**Side to side catches**
* Caught side moves towards you in the rotation.
* Catch on the lower ribcage on her back.
* If you initiate the movement and stay in place, you end up doing a
  fakeout if you want to slow her down.
* Leads need to monitor the follow as she turns.  It's hard to know
  when she'll stop until near the end because her step size is largely
  choice.
* If you need to move further at the last minute to catch, lunge
  instead of lean.

**Co-turns**
* When turning with a follow, you are going to want to catch from ahead
  (in the direction of the follow's turn).
* If that's not possible, you can catch from a different connection
  relation (open usually).

Andrew and Nicole

* Inject creativity by saying "always do x" or "don't do x"
* When saying "don't do x", make sure it is a disability.
